we just gave away this brand new Ram
truck right here in the 2013 edition of
the number 12 Gold Plus stay tuned to
find out who's gonna drive it home the
folks we just finished the number 12
gold plush right here at the 2013 cinch
national finals a team roping and it was
a great event let's go ahead and break
this short round down we're gonna jump
into this at the 9th call back it's
gonna be Monte Hurlburt and mark ray out
of Nebraska these guys come rope in here
with a 25 and 53 they're gonna be 18:48
their total now 3401 they take the lead
we're gonna take it up now to the sixth
callback it's the team of Andrew sharp
and Doyle Scribner out of Arkansas these
guys come in their short mounted 24 and
68 they also come with some cruel
intentions they're gonna set this tier
down in 1863 they needed to be 932
obviously little faster 33 31 we have
new leaders v call back gonna be no time
4th high call we go to Minnesota and
South Dakota for Kurt Quaker and Darren
lammers Minnesota and South Dakota they
were open the 2443 they can be on this
one 887 to take the lead of the rope'n
887 they are gonna do it they are 6 and
89 6 and 89 our fastest run in the short
round with a 31 and 32 they have taken
over the lead of the rope'n they put the
pressure on the next three now now if
that doesn't pull this inch really tight
I don't know what will they're gonna be
31 32
they are the new leaders but we still
have three to go
the third callback is cliff wheeler and
Tommy guy a great team out of Texas
they're 24 and 27
they need to be 704 cliff doing his part
Tommy guy trying to make up as much time
as possible they're gonna be 772 just a
tick to long they're $31.99 they have to
settle for second right now second
callback is gonna be no time that's
clinton cooper and cesar annales now
keep in mind this Cesar annales had two
callbacks to the short round and two
missed opportunities for this guy he's
got 365 days to wait and hope to redeem
himself as we go now the high team back
it's max Vinson and Kent dicen they are
22 and 52 they need to be 879 for the
wind we're talking about fifty eight
thousand dollars and a chance for the
RAM truck and a case IH tractor they're
gonna be here nine and twenty five they
finished the course in 3177 the winner
of the rope'n is gonna go to Kurt Quaker
and Darren lammers and Brandi had an
opportunity to speak with our champions
Kirk you just won a whole lot of money
brand-new truck what is going through
your mind how fortunate I am really
lucky a lot of teams to be got it done
so well you did you roped against a lot
of teams here today what sets you apart
from the crowd
luck I don't know I don't practice a lot
I just got my healer made me look really
good he was really awesome so some thank
him well before this Ropin started what
was your game plan on these steers for
eight second runs every time I rode in
the box and second Thursday I just want
to go be eight so it worked out good
what about last year did you have a
rough finals last year yeah you could
say that I was high call in the 12 and
the 11 shootout and ended up 20th in
both of them so this is kind of nice
Redemption I guess so
well tell me about roping in the gold
plus how important is this rope and
ropers high it's a really nice rope and
a page not really any rope for a truck
so you don't got to do that that often
in a 12 or open anymore you know they're
all tens and 11 so it's it's a nice deal
so or congratulations great roping today
thank you very much Darren you just won
that eight and run the twelve shootout
go plus you get your choice here between
the tractor and ATV what are we going to
take I'm not sure yet I'm gonna have
check with my wife since it was her
horse oh wow is there horse so tell me
about that well as her barrel horse so
how did a barrel horse end up me and
your heel horse um I get to use him like
two three times a year well so do you
get to practice on him before you came
here um not very much you guys were
fourth call back you had to watch some
other teams rope what was going through
your mind sitting back there at the end
of the arena um before we went in my
wife said me and Kurt we're about dude
in something so that kind of helped well
it worked out great congratulations
great open alright thanks a lot
well thanks brandy and again
congratulations to Curt Quaker and
Darren lammers as they win the number 12
gold plus shootout taking home their
part of 58 thousand four hundred dollars
a brand new Ram truck and of course the
choice of a Case IH tractor or the new
case UTV stay tuned right here to the
final spin for more coverage from the
cinch us GRC national files of team
roping